Update OpenPedCan-analysis README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md (#73)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: README.md

We build our project Docker image from a versioned [`tidyverse`](https://hub.docker.com/r/rocker/tidyverse) image from the [Rocker Project](https://www.rocker-project.org/) (v3.6.0).

> To add dependencies that are required for your analysis to the project Docker image, you must alter the project [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/Dockerfile). The `Dockerfile` can be directly edited to install dependencies, if you are developing using a branch on the [PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis) repository. If you are developing using a branch on your fork of the PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis repository, create a branch on the PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis repository to edit the `Dockerfile` to install dependencies, e.g. <https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/pull/36>, so [the GitHub action for checking docker image build](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/.github/workflows/build-docker.yml) can run with the Docker Hub credentials saved in the PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis repository.

Reviewer: just a general comment that we generally prefer each sentence on a new line for ease of review :)

Author: Thank you for the comment. Good to know! Will revise accordingly.

Author: Revised in commit <https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/pull/73/commits/02e42b4bd78a4609174a88866d99a7adaf0891e1>

docker pull pgc-images.sbgenomics.com/d3b-bixu/open-pedcan:latest
```

> Development using the project Docker image is highly recommended. An analysis that is developed using the project Docker image can be efficiently rerun by another developer or the original developer (after a long time since it is developed), without dependency or numerical issues. This would significantly facilitate the following tasks that are constantly performed by all developers of the OpenPedCan-analysis project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development should utilize the project Docker image. 
An analysis that is developed using the project Docker image can be efficiently rerun by another developer or the original developer (after a long time since it is developed), without dependency or numerical issues. 
This will significantly facilitate the following tasks that are constantly performed by all developers of the OpenPedCan-analysis project.
```

Author: Should we remove the "Local Development" section, as we require using Docker image to develop?

Reviewer: we can perhaps leave it for some edge cases - and we may need to add some language later about development of modules for CAVATICA, but I don't think we have the rules yet.

Author: > we can perhaps leave it for some edge cases - and we may need to add some language later about development of modules for CAVATICA, but I don't think we have the rules yet.

Sounds good. I will leave the "Local Development" section there.

docker pull pgc-images.sbgenomics.com/d3b-bixu/open-pedcan:latest
```

Development should utilize the project Docker image. 
An analysis that is developed using the project Docker image can be efficiently rerun by another developer or the original developer (after a long time since it is developed), without dependency or numerical issues. 
This will significantly facilitate the following tasks that are constantly performed by all developers of the OpenPedCan-analysis project.

- Review another developer's pull request, including code and results. For more information about pull request and review, see [the guideline for how to contribute to the OpenPedCan-analysis repository](https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/dev/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-guidelines-for-the-openpbta-analysis).
- Update the results of an analysis module that is developed by another developer. For example, rerun the same analysis module with new data.
- Update the code of an analysis module that is developed by another developer. For example, add a new feature to a module, or refactor a module.

> 

Reviewer 2: One comment that is from line 66-120 - we now have a lot more samples, do we want to update that part as well?

Author: I think the samples part is out of the scope of this PR and addressed issue <https://github.com/PediatricOpenTargets/ticket-tracker/issues/28>, but we could cram the update in to reduce the work of submitting a new issue and PR for that purpose.

@jharenza I was wondering if you have any preference.
